Localization: big docs update (#8961)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/GlobalConfig/decimalSeparator.md

A decimal separator. No longer applies.

---

> Since v19.2, the separator is selected based on the specified locale. See [Localize Dates, Numbers, and Currencies](/concepts/Common/Localization%20and%20Globalization/10%20Value%20Formatting/00%20Value%20Formatting.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with v19.2, the separator is selected based on the specified locale. See [Localize Dates, Numbers, and Currencies](/concepts/Common/Localization%20and%20Globalization/10%20Value%20Formatting/00%20Value%20Formatting.md) for more information.
```
